com/geeksville/mesh/DeviceOnly.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.DeviceOnly
 com.geeksville.mesh.DeviceOnly$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.DeviceOnly$ChannelFile
 com.geeksville.mesh.DeviceOnly$ChannelFile$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.DeviceOnly$ChannelFile$Builder
 com.geeksville.mesh.DeviceOnly$ChannelFileOrBuilder
 com.geeksville.mesh.DeviceOnly$DeviceState
 com.geeksville.mesh.DeviceOnly$DeviceState$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.DeviceOnly$DeviceState$Builder
 com.geeksville.mesh.DeviceOnly$DeviceStateOrBuilder
 com.geeksville.mesh.DeviceOnly$LegacyRadioConfig
 com.geeksville.mesh.DeviceOnly$LegacyRadioConfig$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.DeviceOnly$LegacyRadioConfig$Builder
 com.geeksville.mesh.DeviceOnly$LegacyRadioConfig$LegacyPreferences
 com.geeksville.mesh.DeviceOnly$LegacyRadioConfig$LegacyPreferences$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.DeviceOnly$LegacyRadioConfig$LegacyPreferences$Builder
 com.geeksville.mesh.DeviceOnly$LegacyRadioConfig$LegacyPreferencesOrBuilder
 com.geeksville.mesh.DeviceOnly$LegacyRadioConfigOrBuilder
com/geeksville/mesh/databinding/DebugFragmentBinding.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.databinding.DebugFragmentBinding
com/geeksville/mesh/AppOnlyProtos.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.AppOnlyProtos
 com.geeksville.mesh.AppOnlyProtos$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.AppOnlyProtos$ChannelSet
 com.geeksville.mesh.AppOnlyProtos$ChannelSet$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.AppOnlyProtos$ChannelSet$Builder
 com.geeksville.mesh.AppOnlyProtos$ChannelSetOrBuilder
com/geeksville/mesh/database/MeshtasticDatabase_Impl.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.database.MeshtasticDatabase_Impl
 com.geeksville.mesh.database.MeshtasticDatabase_Impl$1
com/geeksville/mesh/Portnums.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.Portnums
 com.geeksville.mesh.Portnums$PortNum
 com.geeksville.mesh.Portnums$PortNum$1
com/geeksville/mesh/MeshProtos.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$Constants
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$Constants$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$CriticalErrorCode
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$CriticalErrorCode$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$Data
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$Data$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$Data$Builder
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$DataOrBuilder
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$FromRadio
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$FromRadio$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$FromRadio$Builder
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$FromRadio$PayloadVariantCase
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$FromRadioOrBuilder
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$HardwareModel
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$HardwareModel$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$LogRecord
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$LogRecord$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$LogRecord$Builder
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$LogRecord$Level
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$LogRecord$Level$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$LogRecordOrBuilder
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$MeshPacket
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$MeshPacket$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$MeshPacket$Builder
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$MeshPacket$PayloadVariantCase
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$MeshPacket$Priority
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$MeshPacket$Priority$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$MeshPacketOrBuilder
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$MyNodeInfo
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$MyNodeInfo$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$MyNodeInfo$Builder
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$MyNodeInfoOrBuilder
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$NodeInfo
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$NodeInfo$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$NodeInfo$Builder
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$NodeInfoOrBuilder
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$Position
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$Position$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$Position$Builder
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$PositionOrBuilder
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$RouteDiscovery
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$RouteDiscovery$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$RouteDiscovery$Builder
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$RouteDiscoveryOrBuilder
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$Routing
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$Routing$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$Routing$Builder
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$Routing$Error
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$Routing$Error$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$Routing$VariantCase
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$RoutingOrBuilder
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$ToRadio
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$ToRadio$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$ToRadio$Builder
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$ToRadio$PayloadVariantCase
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$ToRadio$PeerInfo
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$ToRadio$PeerInfo$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$ToRadio$PeerInfo$Builder
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$ToRadio$PeerInfoOrBuilder
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$ToRadioOrBuilder
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$User
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$User$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$User$Builder
 com.geeksville.mesh.MeshProtos$UserOrBuilder
com/geeksville/mesh/RadioConfigProtos.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.RadioConfigProtos
 com.geeksville.mesh.RadioConfigProtos$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.RadioConfigProtos$ChargeCurrent
 com.geeksville.mesh.RadioConfigProtos$ChargeCurrent$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.RadioConfigProtos$GpsOperation
 com.geeksville.mesh.RadioConfigProtos$GpsOperation$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.RadioConfigProtos$LocationSharing
 com.geeksville.mesh.RadioConfigProtos$LocationSharing$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.RadioConfigProtos$RadioConfig
 com.geeksville.mesh.RadioConfigProtos$RadioConfig$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.RadioConfigProtos$RadioConfig$Builder
 com.geeksville.mesh.RadioConfigProtos$RadioConfig$UserPreferences
 com.geeksville.mesh.RadioConfigProtos$RadioConfig$UserPreferences$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.RadioConfigProtos$RadioConfig$UserPreferences$Builder
 com.geeksville.mesh.RadioConfigProtos$RadioConfig$UserPreferences$EnvironmentalMeasurementSensorType
 com.geeksville.mesh.RadioConfigProtos$RadioConfig$UserPreferences$EnvironmentalMeasurementSensorType$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.RadioConfigProtos$RadioConfig$UserPreferencesOrBuilder
 com.geeksville.mesh.RadioConfigProtos$RadioConfigOrBuilder
 com.geeksville.mesh.RadioConfigProtos$RegionCode
 com.geeksville.mesh.RadioConfigProtos$RegionCode$1
com/geeksville/mesh/IRadioInterfaceService.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.IRadioInterfaceService
 com.geeksville.mesh.IRadioInterfaceService$Default
 com.geeksville.mesh.IRadioInterfaceService$Stub
 com.geeksville.mesh.IRadioInterfaceService$Stub$Proxy
Future.java
 Future
 Future$1
 Future$ManufacturingData
 Future$ManufacturingData$1
 Future$ManufacturingData$Builder
 Future$ManufacturingDataOrBuilder
com/geeksville/mesh/databinding/AdapterMessageLayoutBinding.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.databinding.AdapterMessageLayoutBinding
com/geeksville/mesh/RemoteHardware.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.RemoteHardware
 com.geeksville.mesh.RemoteHardware$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.RemoteHardware$HardwareMessage
 com.geeksville.mesh.RemoteHardware$HardwareMessage$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.RemoteHardware$HardwareMessage$Builder
 com.geeksville.mesh.RemoteHardware$HardwareMessage$Type
 com.geeksville.mesh.RemoteHardware$HardwareMessage$Type$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.RemoteHardware$HardwareMessageOrBuilder
com/geeksville/mesh/databinding/DropdownMenuPopupItemBinding.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.databinding.DropdownMenuPopupItemBinding
com/geeksville/mesh/BuildConfig.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.BuildConfig
com/geeksville/mesh/MQTTProtos.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.MQTTProtos
 com.geeksville.mesh.MQTTProtos$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.MQTTProtos$ServiceEnvelope
 com.geeksville.mesh.MQTTProtos$ServiceEnvelope$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.MQTTProtos$ServiceEnvelope$Builder
 com.geeksville.mesh.MQTTProtos$ServiceEnvelopeOrBuilder
com/geeksville/mesh/AdminProtos.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.AdminProtos
 com.geeksville.mesh.AdminProtos$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.AdminProtos$AdminMessage
 com.geeksville.mesh.AdminProtos$AdminMessage$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.AdminProtos$AdminMessage$Builder
 com.geeksville.mesh.AdminProtos$AdminMessage$VariantCase
 com.geeksville.mesh.AdminProtos$AdminMessageOrBuilder
com/geeksville/mesh/IMeshService.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.IMeshService
 com.geeksville.mesh.IMeshService$Default
 com.geeksville.mesh.IMeshService$Stub
 com.geeksville.mesh.IMeshService$Stub$Proxy
com/geeksville/mesh/ChannelProtos.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.ChannelProtos
 com.geeksville.mesh.ChannelProtos$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.ChannelProtos$Channel
 com.geeksville.mesh.ChannelProtos$Channel$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.ChannelProtos$Channel$Builder
 com.geeksville.mesh.ChannelProtos$Channel$Role
 com.geeksville.mesh.ChannelProtos$Channel$Role$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.ChannelProtos$ChannelOrBuilder
 com.geeksville.mesh.ChannelProtos$ChannelSettings
 com.geeksville.mesh.ChannelProtos$ChannelSettings$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.ChannelProtos$ChannelSettings$Builder
 com.geeksville.mesh.ChannelProtos$ChannelSettings$ModemConfig
 com.geeksville.mesh.ChannelProtos$ChannelSettings$ModemConfig$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.ChannelProtos$ChannelSettingsOrBuilder
EnvironmentalMeasurementOuterClass.java
 EnvironmentalMeasurementOuterClass
 EnvironmentalMeasurementOuterClass$1
 EnvironmentalMeasurementOuterClass$EnvironmentalMeasurement
 EnvironmentalMeasurementOuterClass$EnvironmentalMeasurement$1
 EnvironmentalMeasurementOuterClass$EnvironmentalMeasurement$Builder
 EnvironmentalMeasurementOuterClass$EnvironmentalMeasurementOrBuilder
com/geeksville/mesh/databinding/MapNotAllowedBinding.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.databinding.MapNotAllowedBinding
com/geeksville/mesh/databinding/MapViewBinding.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.databinding.MapViewBinding
com/geeksville/mesh/databinding/AdvancedSettingsBinding.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.databinding.AdvancedSettingsBinding
com/geeksville/mesh/databinding/NodelistFragmentBinding.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.databinding.NodelistFragmentBinding
com/geeksville/mesh/databinding/ChannelFragmentBinding.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.databinding.ChannelFragmentBinding
com/geeksville/mesh/databinding/SettingsFragmentBinding.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.databinding.SettingsFragmentBinding
com/geeksville/mesh/databinding/MessagesFragmentBinding.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.databinding.MessagesFragmentBinding
com/geeksville/mesh/databinding/AdapterNodeLayoutBinding.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.databinding.AdapterNodeLayoutBinding
com/geeksville/mesh/database/dao/PacketDao_Impl.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.database.dao.PacketDao_Impl
 com.geeksville.mesh.database.dao.PacketDao_Impl$1
 com.geeksville.mesh.database.dao.PacketDao_Impl$2
 com.geeksville.mesh.database.dao.PacketDao_Impl$3
com/geeksville/mesh/databinding/AdapterPacketLayoutBinding.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.databinding.AdapterPacketLayoutBinding
com/geeksville/mesh/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.geeksville.mesh.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
